Bump version to v0.6.0 (#11496)
astral-sh/uv: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.6.0

There have been 31 releases and 1135 pull requests since [0.5.0](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/releases/tag/0.5.0), our last release with breaking changes. As before, we've accumulated various changes that improve correctness and user experience, but could break some workflows. This release contains those changes; many have been marked as breaking out of an abundance of caution. We expect most users to be able to upgrade without making changes.

### Breaking changes

- **Create `main.py` instead of `hello.py` in `uv init`** ([#10369](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/10369))

>   Previously, `uv init` created a `hello.py` sample file. Now, `uv init` will create `main.py` instead — which aligns with expectations from user feedback. The `--bare` option can be used to avoid creating the file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, `uv init` created a `hello.py` sample file. Now, `uv init` will create `main.py` instead — which aligns with expectations from user feedback. The `--bare` option can be used to avoid creating the file altogether.
```

- **Respect `UV_PYTHON` in `uv python install`** ([#11487](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/11487))

  Previously, `uv python install` did not read this environment variable; now it does. We believe this matches user expectations, however, this will take priority over `.python-version` files which could be considered breaking.

> - **Set `UV` to the uv executable path** ([#11326](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/11326))

Reviewer: (I actually didn't follow this, what's it for?)

Author: Ah this was for https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/issues/8775 and the Ray team

  When uv spawns a subprocess, it will now have the `UV` environment variable set to the `uv` binary path. This change is breaking if you are setting the `UV` environment variable yourself, as we will overwrite its value.

- **Error on non-existent extras, e.g., in `uv sync`** ([#11426](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/11426))

>   Previously, requesting extras (e.g., via `uv sync --extra foo`) that did not exist, would not fail. This is _generally_ correct behavior when resolving requests for package extras, because an extra may be present on one compatible version of a package but not another. However, this flexibility doesn't need to apply to the local project and it's less surprising to error here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, uv would silently ignore non-existent extras requested on the command-line (e.g., via `uv sync --extra foo`). This is _generally_ correct behavior when resolving requests for package extras, because an extra may be present on one compatible version of a package but not another. However, this flexibility doesn't need to apply to the local project and it's less surprising to error here.
```

Reviewer: Not necessarily better, I just found ", would not fail" to be a little awkward.

Author: I wasn't sure if we warned in some contexts.
